# Ethics

During my Sophomore year at DU I took a Business Ethics and Legal studies class as part of the Daniels Core classes. On the first day of class, the professor proposed the idea that "you learned all you needed to know about being a good person when you were in kindergarten." While this was obviously a light hearted take as an introduction to ethics, I think there is some significance to this view and I appreciated the simplified outlook on an endlessly complex topic. In reflecting on this class I admire the emphasis that the college of business placed on ethics via this class and the weekend long Ethics Bootcamp all of the students participated in. I also appreciate the schools approach to ethics that is very much focused on self and determining how we can act in a manner to feel content and joyful in our lives. One of my biggest takeaways from this experience was just how much of an emphasis was placed on happiness throughout this course. I remember thinking that a business school that is willing to dedicate significant amounts of time to discussions about happiness and tell their students that it is not all about money is pretty unique and I feel grateful to be a part of this culture. Afterall, happiness is a bigger part of ethics than we may initially think.

The next step in my ethical journey was taking a Leadership Ethics class which was the Capstone for my leadership minor. I like to think that the Business Ethics class may have partially provided the foundation for this one as this class was much more in depth and explored ethical theory and philosophy to ends that I was previously not familiar with. We talked about ideas such as consequentialism and utilitarianism and explored the philosophies of John Rawls, John Stuart Mill, Immanuel Kant, and other ethical philosophers. While I appreciated the opportunity to learn about these theories, one of the things we talked about in class quite a bit is that conceptual understanding alone is not enough to be an ethical individual because it disregards action and application. Thus, being an ethical leader is dependent upon frequent reflection and thought in regards to your actions and how they relate to ethics. This is a mindset that I fully intend to maintain throughout my professional career and beyond and I would like to make a point of constantly revisting and considering my ethical stance as I am presented with fewer opportunities for formal ethical education.

In this repository I have included a lighthearted take on an ethical situation I was faced with recently that describes some of my ethical thinking.
